I was really pleased with the game you
know it's an often obviously people look
at the score line but I was all pleased
with the performance rather than learn
so much the school life I think that we
removed the ball of support way the way
we kept possession the way we created
chances was really really good today
switching the point of attack was key
also you know when one forward checks
off the other one can kind of get him
behind and find those gaps and seams but
I thought overall you know we we started
off simple and possessing the ball and I
think that that's key and then later
towards the game we we stretched them
and it opened up I think it was a great
performance by our team it's one of the
first games of this year and to come out
and get such a good results not only in
the score but also the style that we
played a lot more possession we were
able to get a better rhythm that we have
in previous games so I think overall was
a good performance for us I think the
way we played made it very difficult for
them to defend for the whole 90 minutes
because I thought our ball movement
support and the way that we approach the
game it was very good Sidney and I were
kind of a big part of the possession
today which normally in a front line
were not there was a lot of space for us
to check off the back line and get
involved and just be an outlet and sort
of the the point in the in the change of
attack and I think that at the same time
we have to be there to stretch the line
in open up space for our midfield well
what we felt was that the the Russian
back for really didn't push off a
striker so I thought the movement of our
strikers was really good and the way
that we kept stretching the point of
attack opened up the space and the left
side I'm the right side but I don't
think that was the most down to Russia
as donor that we we moved the ball
around beginning of the game I was happy
to get a lot of opportunities on the
outside I wish that we could have
converted some of those early chances
that took us a little bit longer to put
one away then I think that we would have
liked but we stayed persistent and we
kept good
but send that's how you saw goals come
our way I think that that's sort of the
style of our team you know when when we
get a goal we get hyped up we get
adrenaline we were keeping a lot of
possession in the first half like I said
kind of war to the other team out a
little bit and then once we got a goal
it sort of opened the floodgates we've
got such an aggressive attacking group
that you know once there's a little bit
of gap we just running right through it
trying to get to the goal oh it's good
to be back I mean I haven't played a
game since the Brazil game which i think
is mid-december so our mid-november so
it's been a while you know I was I was
ready to get out there I'd been mentally
preparing physically I feel ready so it
was good it was a lot of fun to play out
there was a different different kind of
tactics as far as them sitting in so it
was really kind of tricky to kind of get
creative find the gaps find the seams
and make stuff happen there's a great
deal of competition in this Ward and you
know players whether the senior players
or whether the younger players coming in
I've always all performed really really
well over the past year so I need to
continue process and eventually you know
like every other team I'll be putting a
squad of 23 players together and it's up
to players to be selected for that now
is the time where other players get on
the field and play you know some players
are playing in a little bit different
positions but you know I think anytime
you can step out on the field and have
an impact that's what's important and I
think there were some good performances
by people today this is it you know this
is the road to World Cup qualifying the
selection process
days of competition also continued
build-up for 2015 you know build up
about their strength in this burg
I built without about hopefully and
obviously along the way trying to get
convincing results like we did today
we're a little bit fatigued of course
this is the beginning of the year so
we're just ramping up our fitness to be
able to play 90 minutes in this type of
environment in this heat so we're a
little bit fatigued but you know onwards
and upwards